hi alberto question here how old
has when you know me one evening from we
worked together that made of co2
question here at almost 11 years
in eleven years I wear cholera
slide shows me paralysis
facial nerve
it does not have the tail with issued signals
calming down where they are we give them is but
however the dog always knows here is its own
idiot to cannes and then to 8 years
11 15 years but you know that those of
gent and the team ie those i
gent and the professional instructors
alexa capra team say the dog
calculate to scroll becomes crazy
however it suffers harassment
of very great to very serious from
part of the owner you put the
result 11 years I bet if all
keep the dog away without the collar not
come as no give me something redais
because this is how we show to
gent instructors and the team they are
better than us than maybe a little
we can do try to go back
alberto see if you sing follows you call it
who put the dog back feel and if
Now I hold all mountain dog
with the collar and when he arrived at the little men
You show me if the dog does it
the collar or try to escape
ok try to call it let's see if it's done
put the collar
you can put the collar on, I can't
to believe
ok with lara scrolling with the
scroll the cursed with lara
scrolling we see the deal reserved
what a misery I have read everywhere
that the facial nerve applause here
there is something that does not come back
okay you have that does not work well not
works well good does not work well
to cause paralysis the nerve
facial and the dog does not run away either
away from you because they always say yes
use the sliding collar or
undermine the quality of the great relationship
on Sunday you were in tortona the fourth of May
the fourth of May the fourth of May the
May 4, so you too mistreated the
your dog certainly damned kept sun
under the sun watch the dog succeeds in
do the poop with the sliding collar
this is an exceptional document that
we dedicate to the instructors of the 100 the
team the dog poop with the collar
and the dog of a mixture this one
exceptional argument why not
concerns the calming signals that they
they know each other very well but it concerns
something else more fine land